d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.g.resources
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.xap
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.delete.rest.png
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.save.rest.png
d:\usuario\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\AdministrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.delete.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.save.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.xap
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\AdministrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.g.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\EjercicioView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.check.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.check.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.delete.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.save.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.xap
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\AdministrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\EjercicioView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.g.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.check.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.delete.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.save.rest.png
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\Bin\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.xap
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\AdministrarPerfil.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\EjercicioView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.g.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\PausasActivas.Movil.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\PausasActivas - copia\PausasActivas.Movil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
